Add Reolink sensor platform (#28173)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/reolink.markdown

- AI pet detection
- AI face detection

These sensors receive events using 3 methods in order: ONVIF push, ONVIF long polling or fast polling (every 5 seconds).

> The latency for receiving the events is the best for ONVIF push and the worst for fast polling, the fastest available method that is detected to work will be used, and slower methods will not be used. The `Event Connection` sensor shows the current method being used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latency for receiving the events is the best for ONVIF push and the worst for fast polling. The fastest available method that is detected to work will be used. Slower methods will not be used. The `Event Connection` sensor shows the current method being used.
```

Reviewer 2: As per the comment on the parent PR, this Sensor needs to be removed/reverted.

Author: I have removed it.

> As a extra redundancy these sensors are polled every 60 seconds together with the update of all other entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For redundancy, these sensors are polled every 60 seconds together with the update of all other entities.
```

Not all camera models generate ONVIF push events for all event types, some binary sensors might, therefore, only be polled.
For list of Reolink products that support ONVIF see the [Reolink Support Site](https://support.reolink.com/hc/en-us/articles/900000617826).

> If the `Event Connection` sensor does not show `ONVIF push` and you wish to reduce the latency, see the troubleshooting section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `Event Connection` sensor does not show `ONVIF push` and you wish to reduce the latency, refer to the [troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) section.
```
Is there a section on latency in the troubleshooting section? To me, it reads more like general network troubleshooting. Would it make sense to maybe explicitly mention the effect on latency in the troubleshooting step itself?

Author: I have removed this sentence now that the Event Connection sensor has been removed.
Will add something about latency in a seperate docs PR.

Author: I added new documentation about this here: https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/pull/28288

## General notes for all entities

> Entities listed below that have a * behind their name are disabled by default. To enable them go to settings->devices->reolink->device->+x enties not shown, click the entity you want to enable, settings (gear) -> enable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I believe this section isn't required in this PR as it is added in #28170

Author: Correct, thanks

When IR light entity is OFF always OFF, when ON IR LEDs will be on when the camera is in night vision mode, see the "Day night mode" select entity.

## Sensor entities

> Depending on the supported features of the camera, sensor entities are added for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the supported features of the camera, the following sensor entities are added:
```
